in Tomsk another scandal but on the same
the topic the teacher decided to sell her
kidney to pay off the mortgage in the end and
the loan is not closed and the organs were sewn
Viktor Sineok understood the field
this story and tell no
I want to but a teacher from Tomsk
see no other way now and
only complain hiding camera face
own financial problems natalya
tried to solve selling spiders and even
on the internet found an option bargained
business vuman from Yekaterinburg over 40
thousand euros bought tickets flew to
Germany operation was successful, but
money she did not pay then take
handed over a new man's receipt Natalie was
uncomfortable now regrets
two years of reminder and asks
fuck conscience on steel and in Tomsk from
only 70 were sent from Yekaterinburg
thousand rubles but this is not enough with her husband
which now also does not want to show
face they scored so many credits that
Thousands of rubles will not cover sell
the owner of the kidney himself does not want more
refuse to comment threatening
court but even phrases were understandable to this
the situation is not a completely different look
by decree fitch for a m
what is my friend
and someone will be some time like
the event so far so far
sadly
I believe this housing is psychiatrists disabled
Formally, the business of wooman from his court
Ekaterinburg owes nothing to him and
teacher from tomsk in germany so
It is obliged to sign a paper on
that London is donated
but the correspondence was necessary in essence
commercial skin transaction is preserved necessary
Proving Udon Lawyers
do not advise by agreeing by the day
those woman actually went on
breaking the law which is right
forbids they break vocals
percent federal law on
organ and tissue transplants in
General German legislation
if they
Egypt were sent to
one day
transmission of the corresponding
body since one donation station
bodies begin to be translated from Latin
further but the judicial perspective of this
Natalia from Tomsk has her own views
she sure there is a fraud
just like that and part of yourself for the sake of salvation
she was not going to give another
then she was deceived
documents are preparing a statement to the court
says if you don’t even win
will look at the crook of the eye of Viktor blueok
Timo Dikareva